Welcome to the red line channel and this
transfer here we will just find out
how popular are certain
characters or other items among
children go to school we are now
at school and go look for shkolotu
fixings
I
such
it's a dog
shoals 67 percent scored many and
arnold don't know good or bad i
similar to the next place we have
79 percent by the way both boys
american and they occupied the last
the place is put on the 3rd place with us with Carlos
here I am surprised second place
s80 fixers and they scored eight 1 place
occupies
Cheburashka know him one hundred percent before all
guessed one guy is beautiful said that
it is and
new for all this cheburashka therefore
well-deserved first place and hello yet
summer cottage